Did you before know about the techniques Git, GitHub, Markdown and/or GitHub Pages?
-----> I quite knew a few functionalities of how github works but now am hoping to add more onto my knowledge though
before i had some issues with some syntaxes like folk, pull among others.


Have you ever created websites before?
-----> Yes i have created websites before on the design basis using templates which are already made my programmers i.e
i just designed layouts and buy domain names from host servers.So it was more just graphical web design with no backend
interractions.

Briefly explain your experience and knowledge of web application development.
-----> Truthfully i have zero experience in web application, it something i have been waiting on since the start of this program
and i cant wait for the results and the experience i will get from this course.


What is your TIL for this course section?
20-01-2020---> I have learned how to connect my github to my text editor environment , and furthermore i have learned how to use 
the basic Github Syntax using terminal and the Github GUI within Visual Studio, Among these syntax include ,Folk,Pull,Clone,
Push and Cómmit.


Do you have any previous experience of client side JavaScript?
Had no experience in client side javascript before all these happenned.

Can you compare and relate the JavaScript language to any other language you know?
Yeah i made some comparison with the programming language am aquited to and thats JAVA but there were some differences in terms of
declaring variables and declaring methods, its quite a different approach in JavaScript.

Describe how you worked with the coding exercise, what grade do you aim for and how did your code turn out to be?
Did some basic revision and practice plus taking a few courses in JavaScript on Udemy(Study Platform) so as to attain some 
brief introduction to JavaScript. And the grade am aiming at is 5 if all goes inline.

What is your TIL for this course section?
Have learned how to make my webpage interactive using Javascript in the BackEnd plus how to initiate some animation on my webpage.


"C:\Users\jjoog\source\repos\websoft\Work\pngfiles"



